android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.DatabaseViewerActivity
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.DatabaseViewerActivity: DatabaseViewerActivity()
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.MainActivity
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$array: int jobs_list
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$array: int line_list
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$array: int vibrator_durations_entries
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$array: int vibrator_durations_values
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int AliceBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int AntiqueWhite
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Aquamarine
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Azure
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Beige
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Bisque
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int BlanchedAlmond
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int BlueViolet
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Brown
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int BurlyWood
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int CadetBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Chartreuse
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Chocolate
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Coral
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int CornflowerBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Cornsilk
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Crimson
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkCyan
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkGoldenrod
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkGray
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkKhaki
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkMagenta
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkOliveGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkOrange
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkOrchid
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkRed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkSalmon
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkSeaGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkSlateBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkSlateGray
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkTurquoise
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DarkViolet
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DeepPink
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DeepSkyBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DimGray
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int DodgerBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int FireBrick
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int FloralWhite
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int ForestGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Fuchsia
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Gainsboro
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int GhostWhite
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Gold
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Goldenrod
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int GreenYellow
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Honeydew
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int HotPink
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int IndianRed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Indigo
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Ivory
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Khaki
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Lavender
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LavenderBlush
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LawnGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LemonChiffon
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightCoral
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightCyan
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightGoldenrodYellow
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightGrey
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightPink
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightSalmon
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightSeaGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightSkyBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightSlateGray
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightSteelBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LightYellow
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int LimeGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Linen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Magenta
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Maroon
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumAquamarine
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumOrchid
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumPurple
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumSeaGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumSlateBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumSpringGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumTurquoise
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MediumVioletRed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MidnightBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MintCream
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int MistyRose
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Moccasin
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int NavajoWhite
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int OldLace
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int OliveDrab
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Orange
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int OrangeRed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Orchid
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int PaleGoldenrod
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int PaleGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int PaleTurquoise
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int PaleVioletRed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int PapayaWhip
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int PeachPuff
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Peru
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Pink
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Plum
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int PowderBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int RosyBrown
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int RoyalBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int SaddleBrown
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Salmon
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int SandyBrown
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int SeaGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Seashell
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Sienna
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int SkyBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int SlateBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int SlateGray
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Snow
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int SpringGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int SteelBlue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Tan
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Thistle
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Tomato
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Turquoise
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Violet
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int Wheat
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int WhiteSmoke
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int YellowGreen
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int android_green
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int aqua
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int black
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int blue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int fuchsia
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int gray
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int green
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int lime
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int maroon
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int navy
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int olive
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int purple
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int red
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int silver
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int teal
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int white
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_blue
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_brown
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_green
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_lime
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_magenta
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_orange
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_pink
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_purple
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_red
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int win8_teal
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$color: int yellow
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$dimen: int fragment_divider_padding
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$dimen: int fragment_horizontal_margin
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$dimen: int fragment_vertical_margin
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$dimen: int label_row_height
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$dimen: int sheets_label_width
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$dimen: int table_column_padding
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$drawable: int border_rectangle
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$drawable: int calculator
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$drawable: int ic_audio_alarm_dark
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$drawable: int roll_slider120
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$drawable: int sheet_slider120
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$drawable: int table_cell_rectangle
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int TableRow01
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int TableRow02
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int TableRow03
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int TableRow04
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int action_pick_job
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int action_pick_line
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int action_settings
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int action_view_database
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int btn_calculate_rates
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int btn_calculate_times
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int btn_calculator
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int btn_cancel_alarm
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int btn_enter_product
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int clear_wos
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int dummy_dialog_text
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_current_count
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_differential_speed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_gauge
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_gross_width
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_line_speed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_novatec_setpoint
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_num_skids_in_job
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_sheet_length
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_sheet_weight
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_sheet_width
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_skid_number
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_speed_factor
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int edit_total_sheets_per_skid
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int gridview_database
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int imgbtn_sheets_or_rolls
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_color_percent
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_differential_speed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_edge_trim_percent
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_gauge
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_gross_width
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_job_finish_time
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_line_speed
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_net_pph
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_novatec_setpoint
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_products
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_products_per_minute
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_sheet_length
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_sheet_weight
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_sheet_width
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_skid_finish_time
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_skid_number
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_skid_start_time
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_speed_factor
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_time_per_skid
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int lbl_time_to_maxson
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int line_list
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int new_wo
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int pager
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int pick_job_submenu
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int pick_line_submenu
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int rl_data_entry_group
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int skid_times_fragment_container
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow1
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow10
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow2
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow3
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow4
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow5
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow6
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow7
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow8
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int tableRow9
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int table_name_spinner
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int textView1
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int textView123
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int textView124
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int textView3a
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int textView3c
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_color_percent
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_edge_trim_percent
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_gross_pph
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_job_finish_time
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_net_pph
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_products_per_minute
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_skid_finish_time
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_skid_start_time
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_time_per_skid
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$id: int txt_time_to_maxson
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int action_pick_job
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int action_pick_line
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int activity_main
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int dialog_sheets_per_minute
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int draining_fragment
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int dummy_dialog
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int fragment_database_viewer
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int fragment_rates
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int fragment_skid_times
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int skid_times_fragment
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$layout: int spinnerriffic_textview
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$menu: int main
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int action_pick_job_title
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int action_pick_line_title
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int action_settings
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int action_view_database_title
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int app_name
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int calculate
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int cancel
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int clear_wos
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int confirm_clear_wos
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int database_viewer_activity_name
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int debug_display
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int default_sheet_weight
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int error_empty_field
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int error_need_nonzero
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int error_net_less_than_gross
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int label_novatec_setpoint
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int new_wo
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int ok
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int placeholder
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int pref_timer_default
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int prompt_need_product
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int settings_activity_name
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int title_activity_alarm_manager
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int title_section1
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int title_section2
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$string: int title_section3
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int AppTheme
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int BlankThirdColumn
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int BlankThirdColumn_Unused
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int Button
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int EditText
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int EditText_SecondTableColumn
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int Label
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int Label_FirstTableColumn
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int Label_SecondTableColumn
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int ParentFragment
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int ParentFragment_HorizontallyDivided
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$style: int Spinner
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.R$xml: int preferences
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.SettingsActivity
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.SettingsActivity: SettingsActivity()
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.SkidFinishedBroadcastReceiver
com.kovaciny.linemonitorbot.SkidFinishedBroadcastReceiver: SkidFinishedBroadcastReceiver()
